Hello, this is Charles Severence,
I'm coming to you from Manila,
Philippines, at a Starbucks,
at Robinson's Place,
at office hours here on the 26th
of November, 2012, in Manila.
And let's introduce some of
the students in the class.
Let me turn the light on here.
Light.
Light, there we go, that's better.
Okay, so just say your first name, and
let me get close so we get good audio.
Say your first name and
anything else you wanna say.
>> Hi I'm Charity, from the University
of the Philippines Diliman.
>> Hi, I'm Jeff.
Welcome to Manila, Philippines.
>> I'm Doug Grant from Cebu.
Thank you for the book.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Nguyen.
>> Okay.
>> Iris, from University
of the Philippines, Manila.
>> Hello, I'm Mervyn from UPOU.
>> Hello, I'm Audrey and
representing also my husband, Fabio.
>> Hi, I'm Josin.
>> Okay, so there you have it.
Yet another successful
Internet History Technology and
Security Coursera office hours.
I think the next place that we're gonna be
meeting is Paris, at the end of January.